翻译Spine骨骼动画资源 (#1517)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/components/spine.md

4. Click the Preview button at the top of the editor to see the effect of vertex jitter of the Spine animation. For the code, please refer to the [SpineMesh](https://github.com/cocos-creator/test-cases-3d/tree/v3.0/assets/cases/spine) example.

## Spine Attachment Slots

When using skeletal animation, you often need to attach a node on a part of the skeletal animation to achieve the effect of linking the node with the skeletal animation. Here is an example of how Spine can use attachment slots to attach stars to the dragon's tail, front claws and character's hands, and wiggle them along with the Spine node.

![attach0](./spine/attach0.png)

### Implement Spine Attachment Slots via Cocos Creator

1. First create an empty node in the **Hierarchy** panel and rename it. Select the node and add the Skeleton component to the **Inspector** panel, drag and drop the asset into the SkeletonData property box of the Skeleton component and set the Skeleton component properties. 

2. Then right-click on the Spine node in the **Hierarchy** panel and select **Create -> UI Render -> Sprite** to add a child Sprite node (tail, hand and claw nodes in the image below) to it.

>     ![attach1](./spine/attach1.png)

Reviewer: 这张图是中文的，换成英文的

    ![attach2](./spine/attach2.png)

4. To set the Path and Target properties of the Sockets, select the location and child node object to attach.

    ![attach3](./spine/attach3.png)

    Notice that a Sprite has been attached on the tail of the dragon in the **Scene** panel, and the same for the other attachment slots. The same goes for the other attachment slots.
    
    ![attach4](./spine/attach4.png)

5. Finally, drag the star asset to the Sprite component's `SpriteFrame` property. Save the scene and click the preview button at the top of the editor to see the star hanging on the dragon's tail and wiggling along with it. Please refer to the [SpineAttach](https://github.com/cocos-creator/test-cases-3d/tree/v3.0/assets/cases/spine) example in the example-case for details.

## Spine Collision Detection

The Spine attachment slots function allows for the detection of a collision of a part of the skeleton animation. The following is an example of how Spine implements collision detection, by determining whether the character's feet are in contact with the ground or not to dynamically change the ground color when the character is running.

![collider](./spine/collider0.png)

> 1. First, set the 2D physics engine to **Built-In Physics Engine** in the project settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, set the 2D physics engine to **Builtin 2D Physics System** in the **Project Settings**.
```

    ![attach3](./spine/attach3.png)

    You can see that a Sprite has been attached on the tail of the dragon in the **Scene** panel, and the same for the other attachment slots.

    The same goes for the other attachment slots.
    
    ![attach4](./spine/attach4.png)

5. Finally, drag the star asset to the Sprite component's `SpriteFrame` property. Save the scene and click the preview button at the top of the editor to see the star hanging on the dragon's tail and wiggling along with it. See the [SpineAttach](https://github.com/cocos-creator/test-cases-3d/tree/v3.0/assets/cases/spine) example in the example-case for details.

## Spine Collision Detection

The Spine attachment slots function allows you to detect the collision of a part of the skeleton animation. The following is an example of how Spine implements collision detection, by determining whether the character's feet are in contact with the ground or not to dynamically change the ground color when the character is running.

![collider](./spine/collider0.png)

1. First, you need to set the 2D physics engine to **Built-In Physics Engine** in the project settings.

    ![collider](./spine/collider1.png)

> 2. Create the Spine node and its attached child nodes as in the first two steps of the Spine attachment slots via the editor.

Reviewer 2: as in the first two steps
-->
(as in the first two steps)

This sentence is a bit hard to understand though, perhaps We can simplify it.

> 3. Then select the target skeleton node (the character's foot) as the parent node in the skeleton node tree under the **Hierarchy** panel Spine node, and create an empty node (renamed frontFoot) as the child node.

Reviewer 2: Then select
-->
Select

Reviewer 2: (renamed frontFoot)

--> renaming without explanation is hard to follow like this.

Author: Sorry, what do you mean? How should I correct it?

Reviewer 2: Then select the target skeleton node (the character's foot) as the parent node in the skeleton node tree under the **Hierarchy** panel Spine node, and create an empty node (renamed frontFoot) as the child node.
-->
Select the target skeleton node ("character's foot") as the parent node in the skeleton node tree under the **Hierarchy** panel Spine node, and create an empty node (now renamed to "frontFoot") as the child node.

Reviewer 2: @EricCorleone how do you feel about this?

Author: Select the target skeleton node (the character's foot) as the parent node in the skeleton node tree under the Spine node in the **Hierarchy** panel, and create an empty node (renamed to frontFoot) as the child node.

    ![collider](./spine/collider2.png)

> 4. Select the node you want to set (renamed frontFoot) in the **Hierarchy** panel, click **Add Component -> Physics2D -> Colliders -> Polygon Collider** in the **Properties Inspector**, and set the collision component parameters. The node will then move along with the skeletal animation, so that the collision component's enclosing box will be synchronized with the skeletal animation in real time.

Reviewer 2: (renamed frontFoot)

same as above, this is hard to follow.

Reviewer 2: you want to set
-->
to set

Reviewer 2: so that
-->
ensuring

    ![collider](./spine/collider3.png)

    ![collider](./spine/collider4.png)

> 5. Create a Sprite node as a ground in the **Hierarchy** panel. Select the node, then set the position size and other properties in the **Inspector** panel and add the **BoxCollider2D** collision component.

Reviewer 2: as a ground

what does this mean? A node that represents a piece of the ground in the scene?

Author: Yes. Should I correct it to "as the ground"?

Reviewer 2: Sure, that is a good fix.

> Create a new TypeScript script in the **Assets** panel, and then attach the script to the ground node (the platform node in the figure). The script code is as follows:

Reviewer 2: I'm not fond of how we refer to this "ground node"

Author: Or should I use the node "ground"?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's perfect.

Author: Oh, I notice that the node is already named "platform"...maybe call it "the node representing the ground"?
